Running. Need to keep running. If they catch me I will die. I cant let that happen, to many people need me. I looked behind me, there were 3 chasing me, all of them had the extractors. I turned a sharp corner and ducked into the first dark doorway and quickly entered. Trying to calm my heavy breathing I looked through a crack in the decaying wooden door. I watched them run past the door, and continue running. I knew it wouldn’t take long for them to realise I wasn’t down there any more, so I needed to move quickly but I couldn’t go into through the main door. I looked around the dark and cramped room, as all rooms are in the suburbs, but couldn't see much. Once I moved away from the door I saw a dim light blue glow emanating from the wall, it was the Infopannel. It had bold text that stated there was no current owner of the property I had just entered, and it was on sale for 12 zar. I couldn't buy it even if I wanted to as they would track me down and find me within minutes. I looked around the room again, it was mostly empty apart form a few discarded Nourishment packs, which I picked up, knowing it would help me if I needed to stay away from the Defiant's small encampment, so I wouldn't lead the City trawlers right to it.
Once I found the computer I used one of many aliases to connect to the network of other computers and storage clusters now known as the SkyCluster. This contained a lot of information that we needed to safely evade the City Trawlers and get our basic requirements, like nourishment and power. I was still in a hurry so I got my portable storage device (PSD for short) out and started transferring the relevant data onto it. It shouldn’t take more than a minute to transfer the information needed, then I left through the backdoor after taking the PSD with me. 
Now to evade the Trawlers again, not too difficult until you're noticed but once they get a glimpse of you then they use the senses Extracted from other people to hunt you down, some luckily, dont quite know how to use these senses to their full ability therefore you can sometimes get away, but its still difficult.
So i made a run for it, dashing between deserted rooms and crumbling houses, all the time keeping a look out for the Trawlers. remembering that each door i passed used to hold many people and families but there suburbs were mostly empty now, most had either died or been convinced the capital was the best place to be. how wrong those people are, the capital is taking peoples best traits, their souls, and using them themselves. thats what the difiants want to stop, thats what this battle is about. we mst stop the capital taking peoples souls
